today's the day the Bears leave the
nursery moved to a bigger residence the
removal team swings into actions happen
due to line this up at the gates only
but Burton from the door taxi anyone
this is what they sleep all right so
there used to it
oh I can't wait to get in there
Wow
it's an adventure playground full of
things to explore they'll live here for
the next eight months until they're old
enough to be returned to the wild
going door
they'll start checking things out too
just for the fun of it just for
curiosity later on in the year it'll be
there being purpose and being
inquisitive about everything yes they're
really into everything climbing now will
be a big thing a lot of those muscles in
there that play behaviors that later on
I'll keep them maybe the top beer
the cups were found on lands sacred to
the American Indian so Sally has given
them Indian names the female is called
tippy aft an Indian River calm and
gentle the male to conserve after a
great Indian chief
very appropriate Sully is trying to make
them more independent now by spending
less and less time with them so in this
big new environment we've got here a lot
of fun but now everyone's left and see
how they settle down
we'll never Sally leaves them they fret
I have to resist the temptation to offer
comfort being cruel in order to be kind
because if they are to survive in the
world outside they must learn to cope on
their own
what you think study you know they're
just the security blankets well they're
feeling alone I'm not sure what's going
on
spend some time with them so they know
that I'm trying to
than happy now sunny so kind she's
probably going to be in there all day
just when she felt it was safe to go
back into her own home
you